Improve docs for implementing macros in an existing Swift package (#184)
apple/swift-book: TSPL.docc/LanguageGuide/Macros.md

including a template for a macro implementation and declaration.

To add macros to an existing project,
add a target for the macro implementation
and a target for the macro library.
edit the beginning of your `Package.swift` file as follows:

- Set a Swift tools version of 5.9 or later in the `swift-tools-version` comment.
- Import the `CompilerPluginSupport` module.
- Include macOS 10.15 as a minimum deployment target in the `platforms` list.

The code below shows the beginning of an example `Package.swift` file.

```swift
// swift-tools-version: 5.9

import PackageDescription
import CompilerPluginSupport

let package = Package(
    name: "MyPackage",
    platforms: [ .iOS(.v17), .macOS(.v13)],
    // ...
)
```

Next, add a target for the macro implementation
and a target for the macro library
to your existing `Package.swift` file.
For example,

> you can add something like the following to your `Package.swift` file,

Reviewer: Moved the mention of `Package.swift` earlier, to help clarify that this instruction is for existing packages, not newly generated ones.

including a template for a macro implementation and declaration.

To add macros to an existing project,

> first ensure that your `swift-tools-version` is set to  5.9 or greater.
> Your `platforms` list must similarly specify a macOS version of 10.15 or greater.
> You also need to import the `CompilerPluginSupport` module.
> The first few lines of your `Package.swift` file might look something like this:

Reviewer: I think these three changes are a good candidate for a bulleted list.

```suggestion
Edit your `Package.swift` file as follows:

- Set a Swift tools version of 5.9 or later in the `swift-tools-version` comment
- Import the `CompilerPluginSupport` module.
- Include macOS 10.15 as a minimum deployment target in the `platforms` list

The code below shows the beginning of an example `Package.swift` file.
```

```swift
// swift-tools-version: 5.9

import PackageDescription
import CompilerPluginSupport

let package = Package(
    name: "MyPackage",
    platforms: [
        .iOS(.v17), .macOS(.v13),

>     ],

Reviewer: Let's avoid cutting the example off in the middle of an initializer.  Maybe can show a little more of the file, or an explicit `...` followed by the close paren.

including a template for a macro implementation and declaration.

To add macros to an existing project,
Edit your `Package.swift` file as follows:

- Set a Swift tools version of 5.9 or later in the `swift-tools-version` comment.
- Import the `CompilerPluginSupport` module.
- Include macOS 10.15 as a minimum deployment target in the `platforms` list.
- Add a dependency on [SwiftSyntax][].
  Replace the `some-tag` placeholder in the code below
  with the Git tag for the version of SwiftSyntax you want to use.

The code below shows the beginning of an example `Package.swift` file.

```swift
// swift-tools-version: 5.9

import PackageDescription
import CompilerPluginSupport

let package = Package(
    name: "MyPackage",
    platforms: [
        .iOS(.v17), .macOS(.v13),
    ],
    dependencies: [
        .package(url: "https://github.com/apple/swift-syntax.git", from: "some-tag"),
    ],

>     ...

Reviewer: Matching how we spell "more code goes here" elsewhere:

```suggestion
    // ...
```

],
```

Replace the `some-tag` placeholder in the code above

> with the Git tag for the version of SwiftSyntax you want to use.

Reviewer: The example no longer has a placeholder.  I fixed this on 'main' after you last merged that in here, but then I must have picked up the deletion here while backing out content that was lost by that merge.

Author: Gotcha; I think I may have merged incorrectly, but I thought I had noticed an inconsistency where both the reference to "some tag" and the raw version number were included and I guess I resolved something wrong.

This makes sense now.
